reactJs/note.md, before:

React js 
- work with component
- create and maintained by facebook
- create project 
  -  npx create-react-app feedback-app --use-npm
- the return only one html element (tag) or empty tag(<></>)
- classNme for class
- forName for for attribute

- component : tape rfc enter to add code for component class or rsf for react function component
- icon : npm i react-icons

- id generator : npm i uuid
- animation : npm i framer-motion
- routing : npm i react-router-dom
- <Link to='/'/> : to create link
- <NavLink to='/'  activeClassName='active> create manu
- get url params : useParams().name
- redirect : return <Navigate to='/notFound'/>, or useNavigate('/about')

- context & provider :  passing data through component without to pass props manually
  npx create-react-app feedback-app-context-provider --use-npm

- create 1 context by type of resources (user, ...)


- deploy 
- npm run build : create build folder, and push the build folder into netlify

- APi REQUEST
- JSON Server : mock backend : npm install json-server
-

Commit message:

React : github finder project, introduce reducer

reactJs/note.md, after:

React js 
- work with component
- create and maintained by facebook
- create project 
  -  npx create-react-app feedback-app --use-npm
- the return only one html element (tag) or empty tag(<></>)
- classNme for class
- forName for for attribute

- component : tape rfc enter to add code for component class or rsf for react function component
- icon : npm i react-icons

- id generator : npm i uuid
- animation : npm i framer-motion
- routing : npm i react-router-dom
- <Link to='/'/> : to create link
- <NavLink to='/'  activeClassName='active> create manu
- get url params : useParams().name
- redirect : return <Navigate to='/notFound'/>, or useNavigate('/about')

- context & provider :  passing data through component without to pass props manually
  npx create-react-app feedback-app-context-provider --use-npm

- create 1 context by type of resources (user, ...)


- deploy 
- npm run build : create build folder, and push the build folder into netlify

- APi REQUEST
- JSON Server : mock backend : npm install json-server


- github finder project
- install talwind : 
  - npm install -D tailwindcss
  -  npx tailwindcss init
- install craco : for start, test and build project
- instal daisy ui and add to talwind
- reducer : function that take two arguments, current state and action, similar to useState
